README.md, before:

# Velociraptor - Endpoint visibility and collection tool.

Velociraptor is a tool for collecting host based state information
using Velocidex Query Language (VQL) queries.

To learn more about Velociraptor, read the documentation on:

   https://www.velocidex.com/docs/

## Quick start

1. Download the binary from the release page.

2. You need to generate a server config file. This will generate new
   key material. Simply follow the prompts:

```bash
  $ velociraptor config generate -i
```

3. Start the server:

```bash
 $ velociraptor --config /etc/velociraptor.config.yaml frontend -v
```

4. Point a browser at the GUI port that you set in the config
   file. You should be able to log in with the password set earlier.

5. Launch the client on any system with the generated client config file.

```bash
 $ velociraptor --config client.conf.yaml client -v
```

6. You should be able to search for the client in the GUI, browse VFS,
   download files etc.

To deploy the windows executable:

1. Install the released MSI installer.

2. Drop the client configuration into `C:\Program Files\Velociraptor\Velociraptor.config.yaml`
using any system administration method (e.g. group policy, SCCM etc).

See more information for deployment options at
https://www.velocidex.com/docs/getting-started

## Running Velociraptor locally.

Velociraptor is also useful as a local triage tool. In particular you
might find Velociraptor's artifacts especially useful for quickly
capturing important information about a running system. You can
collect artifacts by using the "artifacts collect" command:

```bash
    $ velociraptor artifacts list
    INFO:2018/08/20 22:28:56 Loaded 18 built in artifacts
    INFO:2018/08/20 22:28:56 Loaded 18 artifacts from artifacts/definitions/
    Linux.Applications.Chrome.Extensions
    Linux.Applications.Chrome.Extensions.Upload
    Linux.Applications.Docker.Info
    Linux.Applications.Docker.Version
    Linux.Debian.AptSources

    $ velociraptor artifacts list -v Linux.Debian.AptSources
    .... displays the artifacts

    $ velociraptor artifacts collect -v Linux.Debian.AptSources --output myfile.zip
    ... Collects all the named artifacts into myfile.zip
```

Explore more of Velociraptor's options using the -h flag.

## Building from source.

To build from source, make sure you have a recent Golang installed
from https://golang.org/dl/ (Currently at least Go 11 but Go 13 is
recommended):

```bash

    $ git clone https://github.com/Velocidex/velociraptor.git
    $ cd velociraptor

    # This will build the GUI elements. You will need to have node
    # installed first. For example on Windows get it from
    # https://nodejs.org/en/download/ . You also need to have JAVA
    # installed from https://www.java.com because the js compiler
    # needs it.
    $ cd gui/static/
    $ npm install

    # If gulp is not on your path you need to run it using node:
    # node node_modules\gulp\bin\gulp.js compile
    $ gulp compile
    $ cd -

    # This builds a release (i.e. it will embed the GUI files in the
    # binary). If you dont care about the GUI a simple "make" will
    # build a bare debug binary.
    $ go run make.go -v release
    $ go run make.go -v windows
```

If you want to rebuild the protobuf you will need to install protobuf
compiler (This is only necessary when editing any `*.proto` file):

```bash

   $ wget https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases/download/v3.8.0/protoc-3.8.0-linux-x86_64.zip
   $ unzip protoc-3.8.0-linux-x86_64.zip
   $ sudo mv include/google/ /usr/local/include/
   $ sudo mv bin/protoc /usr/local/bin/
   $ go get -u github.com/golang/protobuf/protoc-gen-go/
   $ go install github.com/golang/protobuf/protoc-gen-go/
   $ go get -u github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway
   $ go install github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway
   $ ./make_proto.sh

```

## Getting the latest version

We have a pretty frequent release schedule but if you see a new
feature submitted that you are really interested in, we would love to
have more testing prior to the official release.

We have a CI pipeline at https://www.velocidex.com/ci managed by
AppVeyor. The pipeline produces a complete windows and linux binary
built at each commit poiint - simply click on the `artifacts` tab,
scroll down and download `velociraptor.exe` or
`velociraptor_linux.elf`


## Getting help

Questions and feedback are welcome at velociraptor-discuss@googlegroups.com

You can also chat with us directly on discord https://www.velocidex.com/discord

File issues on https://github.com/Velocidex/velociraptor

Read more about Velociraptor on our blog:

https://www.velocidex.com/blog/

Commit message:

Added a CSV type renderer.
Many artifacts accept structured data as a CSV file. This GUI change
adds a form renderer to allow users to easily manipulate this
structured data.

Additionally fixed bug in client event monitoring:
* User parameters were not properly sent to client.
* Wait time for event queries is now configurable.

README.md, after:

# Velociraptor - Endpoint visibility and collection tool.

Velociraptor is a tool for collecting host based state information
using Velocidex Query Language (VQL) queries.

To learn more about Velociraptor, read the documentation on:

   https://www.velocidex.com/docs/

## Quick start

1. Download the binary from the release page.

2. You need to generate a server config file. This will generate new
   key material. Simply follow the prompts:

```bash
  $ velociraptor config generate -i
```

3. Start the server:

```bash
 $ velociraptor --config server.config.yaml frontend -v
```

4. Point a browser at the GUI port that you set in the config
   file. You should be able to log in with the password set earlier.

5. Launch the client on any system with the generated client config file.

```bash
 $ velociraptor --config client.conf.yaml client -v
```

6. You should be able to search for the client in the GUI, browse VFS,
   download files etc.

To deploy the windows executable:

1. Install the released MSI installer.

2. Drop the client configuration into `C:\Program Files\Velociraptor\Velociraptor.config.yaml`
using any system administration method (e.g. group policy, SCCM etc).

See more information for deployment options at
https://www.velocidex.com/docs/getting-started

## Running Velociraptor locally.

Velociraptor is also useful as a local triage tool. In particular you
might find Velociraptor's artifacts especially useful for quickly
capturing important information about a running system. You can
collect artifacts by using the "artifacts collect" command:

```bash
    $ velociraptor artifacts list
    INFO:2018/08/20 22:28:56 Loaded 18 built in artifacts
    INFO:2018/08/20 22:28:56 Loaded 18 artifacts from artifacts/definitions/
    Linux.Applications.Chrome.Extensions
    Linux.Applications.Chrome.Extensions.Upload
    Linux.Applications.Docker.Info
    Linux.Applications.Docker.Version
    Linux.Debian.AptSources

    $ velociraptor artifacts list -v Linux.Debian.AptSources
    .... displays the artifacts

    $ velociraptor artifacts collect -v Linux.Debian.AptSources --output myfile.zip
    ... Collects all the named artifacts into myfile.zip
```

Explore more of Velociraptor's options using the -h flag.

## Building from source.

To build from source, make sure you have a recent Golang installed
from https://golang.org/dl/ (Currently at least Go 1.13):

```bash

    $ git clone https://github.com/Velocidex/velociraptor.git
    $ cd velociraptor

    # This will build the GUI elements. You will need to have node
    # installed first. For example on Windows get it from
    # https://nodejs.org/en/download/ . You also need to have JAVA
    # installed from https://www.java.com because the js compiler
    # needs it.
    $ cd gui/static/
    $ npm install

    # If gulp is not on your path you need to run it using node:
    # node node_modules\gulp\bin\gulp.js compile
    $ gulp compile
    $ cd -

    # This builds a release (i.e. it will embed the GUI files in the
    # binary). If you dont care about the GUI a simple "make" will
    # build a bare debug binary.
    $ go run make.go -v release
    $ go run make.go -v windows
```

If you want to rebuild the protobuf you will need to install protobuf
compiler (This is only necessary when editing any `*.proto` file):

```bash

   $ wget https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases/download/v3.8.0/protoc-3.8.0-linux-x86_64.zip
   $ unzip protoc-3.8.0-linux-x86_64.zip
   $ sudo mv include/google/ /usr/local/include/
   $ sudo mv bin/protoc /usr/local/bin/
   $ go get -u github.com/golang/protobuf/protoc-gen-go/
   $ go install github.com/golang/protobuf/protoc-gen-go/
   $ go get -u github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway
   $ go install github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/protoc-gen-grpc-gateway
   $ ./make_proto.sh

```

## Getting the latest version

We have a pretty frequent release schedule but if you see a new
feature submitted that you are really interested in, we would love to
have more testing prior to the official release.

We have a CI pipeline at https://www.velocidex.com/ci managed by
AppVeyor. The pipeline produces a complete windows and linux binary
built at each commit poiint - simply click on the `artifacts` tab,
scroll down and download `velociraptor.exe` or
`velociraptor_linux.elf`

Additionally we build all binaries using Github actions. Simply click
the actions tab on Github and download the `Binaries.zip` file. This
will contain binaries for Windows, MacOS and Linux.


## Getting help

Questions and feedback are welcome at velociraptor-discuss@googlegroups.com

You can also chat with us directly on discord https://www.velocidex.com/discord

File issues on https://github.com/Velocidex/velociraptor

Read more about Velociraptor on our blog:

https://www.velocidex.com/blog/

Hang out on Medium https://medium.com/velociraptor-ir
