# Velociraptor - Endpoint visibility and collection tool.

Velociraptor is a tool for collecting host based state information
using Velocidex Query Language (VQL) queries.

To learn more about Velociraptor, read the documentation on:

   https://www.velocidex.com/docs/

## Quick start

If you want to see what Velociraptor is all about simply:

1. Download the binary from the release page for your favorite platform (Windows/Linux/MacOS).

2. Start the GUI

```bash
  $ velociraptor gui
```

This will bring up the GUI, Frontend and a local client. You can
collect artifacts from the client (which is just running on your own
machine) as normal.

Once you are ready for a full deployment, check out the various deployment options at
https://www.velocidex.com/docs/getting-started

## Running Velociraptor via Docker

To run a Velociraptor server via Docker, follow the instructions here:
https://github.com/weslambert/velociraptor-docker

## Running Velociraptor locally

Velociraptor is also useful as a local triage tool. You can create a self contained local collector using the GUI:

1. Start the GUI as above (`velociraptor gui`).

2. Select the `Server Artifacts` sidebar menu, then `Build Collector`.

3. Select and configure the artifacts you want to collect, then select
   the `Uploaded Files` tab and download your customized collector.

## Building from source

To build from source, make sure you have a recent Golang installed
from https://golang.org/dl/ (Currently at least Go 1.14):

```bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/Velocidex/velociraptor.git
    $ cd velociraptor

    # This will build the GUI elements. You will need to have node
    # installed first. For example get it from
    # https://nodejs.org/en/download/.
    $ cd gui/velociraptor/
    $ npm install

    # This will build the webpack bundle
    $ make build

    # To build a dev binary just run make.
    # NOTE: Make sure ~/go/bin is on your path -
    # this is required to find the Golang tools we need.
    $ cd ../..
    $ make

    # To build production binaries
    $ make linux
    $ make windows
```

## Getting the latest version

We have a pretty frequent release schedule but if you see a new
feature submitted that you are really interested in, we would love to
have more testing prior to the official release.

We have a CI pipeline managed by GitHub actions. You can see the
pipeline by clicking the actions tab on our GitHub project. There are
two workflows:

1. Windows Test: this workflow builds a minimal version of the
   Velociraptor binary (without the GUI) and runs all the tests on
   it. We also test various windows support functions in this
   pipeline. This pipeline builds on every push in each PR.

2. Linux Build All Arches: This pipeline builds complete binaries for
   many supported architectures. It only runs when the PR is merged
   into the master branch. To download the latest binaries simply
   select the latest run of this pipeline, scroll down the page to the
   "Artifacts" section and download the *Binaries.zip* file (Note you
   need to be logged into GitHub to see this).

If you fork the project on GitHub, the pipelines will run on your own
fork as well as long as you enable GitHub Actions on your fork. If you
need to prepare a PR for a new feature or modify an existing feature
you can use this to build your own binaries for testing on all
architectures before send us the PR.

## Supported platforms

Velociraptor is written in Golang and so is available for all the
platforms [supported by Go](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/MinimumRequirements). This means that Windows XP and Windows server 2003 are **not** supported but anything after Windows 7/Vista is.

We build our releases on Centos 6 (x64) for Linux and Sierra for MacOS
so earlier platforms may not be supported by our release pipeline. If
you need 32 bit builds you will need to build from source. You can do
this easily by forking the project on GitHub, enabling GitHub Actions
in your fork and editing the `Linux Build All Arches` pipeline.

## Getting help

Questions and feedback are welcome at velociraptor-discuss@googlegroups.com

You can also chat with us directly on discord https://www.velocidex.com/discord

File issues on https://github.com/Velocidex/velociraptor

Read more about Velociraptor on our blog:

https://www.velocidex.com/blog/

Hang out on Medium https://medium.com/velociraptor-ir
