docs/wix/README.md, before:

# Customizing Velociraptor deployments.

This directory contains the WIX XML file that can be used to tailor
your Velociraptor deployment. The configuration file can be used to
build a Windows installer package (MSI) which automatically installs
the service.

First download the WIX distribution from the github page:

http://wixtoolset.org/releases/

Then modify the XML file:

1. First generate valid GUIDs to replace all GUIDs in the config
   file. You can use the linux uuidgen program to make new GUIDs.

2. Next you can customize the description, comments, service name
   etc. If you decided to rename the binary you can adjust the name in
   the file.

3. Modify the directory name where the binary will be installed.

4. Build the msi using wix:

```
F:\Wix>"c:\Program Files (x86)\WiX Toolset v3.11\bin\candle.exe" velociraptor.xml -arch x64
F:\Wix>"c:\Program Files (x86)\WiX Toolset v3.11\bin\light.exe" velociraptor.wixobj
```

Test the MSI file by installing and removing it. You can now push the
MSI using group policy everywhere in your domain.

Note: When upgrading, keep the UpgradeCode the same to ensure the old
package is uninstalled and the new one is installed.

Commit message:

Windows service will now wait for config file.
When installing the windows service it will search for a config file
in the same directory as the executable. If the config file is not
present, the service will start but wait for the config file to
appear. When the file appears, the service will start the client and
operate as normal.

This approach allows us to distibute a generic signed Velociraptor MSI
that can be installed via SCCM, while config files can be pushed
separately via GPO.

docs/wix/README.md, after:

# Customizing Velociraptor deployments.

This directory contains the WIX XML file that can be used to tailor
your Velociraptor deployment. The configuration file can be used to
build a Windows installer package (MSI) which automatically installs
the service.

First download the WIX distribution from the github page:

http://wixtoolset.org/releases/

Then modify the XML file:

1. First generate valid GUIDs to replace all GUIDs in the config
   file. You can use the linux uuidgen program to make new GUIDs.

2. Next you can customize the description, comments, service name
   etc. If you decided to rename the binary you can adjust the name in
   the file.

3. Modify the directory name where the binary will be installed.

4. Place your deployment configuration file in the build directory
   called server.config.yaml. Wix will package this file into the MSI.

4. Build the msi using wix:

```
F:\Wix>"c:\Program Files (x86)\WiX Toolset v3.11\bin\candle.exe" custom.xml -arch x64
F:\Wix>"c:\Program Files (x86)\WiX Toolset v3.11\bin\light.exe" custom.wixobj
```

Test the MSI file by installing and removing it. You can now push the
MSI using group policy everywhere in your domain.

Note: When upgrading, keep the UpgradeCode the same to ensure the old
package is uninstalled and the new one is installed.


# Standard MSI

The standard MSI which is distributed in the Velociraptor releases
does not have any configuration file. This standard package
("velociraptor.xml") will install a service with the name
"Velociraptor Service" into the location "c:\Program
Files\Velociraptor\Velociraptor.exe".

Since the standard MSI does not have any configuration included with
it, the Velociraptor service will start and simply watch its
installation directory for the configuration file. You should copy the
file there by some other means (e.g. using Group Policy Scheduled
Tasks). The configuration file must be placed in
"C:\Program Files\Velociraptor\Velociraptor.config.yaml"
